1) Initial Payment: Upon signing this agreement, the Tenant agrees to make an initial payment consisting of
(A) FIRST month's rent
(B) ONE month's rent as a SECURITY DEPOSIT

2) Pro-Rated Rent: If the tenancy start date is not on the first day of the month, the initial month's rent in advance
will be pro-rated based on the number of days remaining in the month. The pro-rated amount will be
calculated as follows: (Monthly Rent / Number of Days in the Month) * (Number of Days remaining in the
Month).

3) Under Singapore law, tenants are required to pay Stamp Duty to IRAS. The stamp duty amount will be
calculated based on IRAS's official guidelines after the Tenancy Agreement (TA) is signed. Any delay in payment
will incur late fees as imposed by IRAS. *If you need assistance with the payment, you may request the agent to
handle it for you, subject to a one-time administrative fee of SGD 30 in addition to the stamp duty amount.

4) Subsequent Payments: Following the initial payment, subsequent rental payments shall be due on the 1st day of
each month thereafter.

5) Security Deposit: The security deposit shall be held by the Landlord as security for the performance of Tenant’s
obligations under this agreement, including but not limited to any damages to the property beyond normal
wear and tear.

6) Such deposit shall be refunded within 14 days of check-out after the expiry or earlier termination of the
Agreement, but after deductions for damages caused by the Tenant (if any).

7) The Tenant must pay the monthly Rent in advance on or before the 1st day of each calendar month.

8) In the event the Rent remains unpaid for seven (7) days after becoming payable (whether formally demanded or
not), it shall be lawful for the Landlord to claim interest at ten percent (10%) per annum on the amount unpaid
calculated from after the date due to the date of actual payment. Additionally, the landlord reserves the right to
evict the Tenant for not paying the due Rent on time.

9) In case of (a) non-payment of Rent (whether formally demanded or not) or (b) the Room(s) are used for illegal
purposes or (c) premature termination of the Agreement by the Tenant or, the Landlord has the right to reenter
and take possession of the said Room(s), and the Agreement will be terminated forthwith and the deposit
will be confiscated by the Landlord in addition to the Tenant compensation on a FULL HALF-MONTH or FULL
MONTH commission paid by the Landlord to its representing salesperson’s estate agency. Such compensation
cannot be deducted from deposit and must be paid immediately during notice of early termination of tenancy.

10) The rental includes water, electricity, gas bills (utilities), subjected to a maximum cap of S$350.00 per unit per
month. For avoidance of doubt, should the utilities exceed S$350.00 per month, all Tenants residing in the
premise shall split the excess charges and reimburse the outstanding amount to the Landlord before the
commencement of the subsequent month rent.

11) No alteration or additional work is allowed in the Room(s) without the Landlord’s permission.

12) Compliance with Immigration Act and Women’s Charter (Amendment) Act 2019

13) Long-Term Visit Pass, Student’s Pass, and Dependant’s Pass will be issued in digital format ONLY from 27
February 2023. Due diligence checks under this clause for such passes will be performed based on the digital
copy. For such passes issued before 27 February 2023, the due diligence checks will still be performed based on
the original copies.

14) The Tenant shall ensure that the Tenant and/or the occupiers of the Premises are lawfully residing in the
Republic of Singapore.
a) The Tenant further covenants with the Landlord that where any of the Tenant and/or occupier are
Singapore Citizens or Permanent Residents, the Tenant shall:
i) Personally verify their original identity cards and/or other identification documents if identity card is
not available.
ii) Produce their original identity cards and/or other identification documents if identity card is not
available and provide copies for retention to the Landlord and/or his representing Salesperson.
iii) Together with the occupier, meet (or via video conferencing) the Landlord and/or his representing
Salesperson for face-to-face verification.
iv) Inform the Landlord in writing in respect of any change in their citizenship status not less than 14 days
prior to such change. If the change cannot be anticipated, to inform the Landlord as soon as
practicable upon knowledge of such change
b) The Tenant further covenants with the Landlord that where any of the Tenant and/or occupier are not
Singapore Citizens or Permanent Residents, the Tenant shall:
i) Personally verify from original documentation that they have a valid employment pass, work permit,
travel document or other papers granted by the Immigration & Checkpoints Authority, Ministry of
Manpower or other relevant government authorities.
ii) Ensure that they are in compliance with all relevant legislation, rules and regulations including the
Immigration Act, Employment of Foreign Manpower Act (if applicable) and any other applicable law in
the Republic of Singapore which relates to foreign residents.
iii) Produce the following documents and provide copies for retention to the Landlord and/or his
representing Salesperson:
a. their original identity cards/passports and other relevant documents evidencing their legal
entry into Singapore for their stay/work before the commencement of this Tenancy
Agreement; and
b. their original identity cards/passports and other relevant documents evidencing their renewal
or extension of their lawful stay/work in Singapore before the expiry thereof.
iv) Together with the occupier, meet (or via video conferencing) the Landlord and/or his representing
Salesperson for face-to-face verification.
v) Inform the Landlord in writing in respect of any change in their particulars, immigration status or
employment status not less than 14 days prior to such change. If the change cannot be anticipated, to
inform the Landlord as soon as practicable upon knowledge of such change.

15) In the event of early termination by the tenant, the tenant is obligated to pay the landlord the monthly rent for
the remaining lease term up to the end of the contract term. The waiver of this compensation requirement may
be considered if the tenant can provide evidence demonstrating their inability to stay in Singapore due to job
loss (retrenchment) and work permit termination. In such cases, the tenant must still adhere to the one-month
notice period, and the security deposit will be forfeited as stipulated in the original agreement.

16) In the event of early termination by Tenant, the Tenant is required to reimburse the Landlord the commission
paid to the Property Agent on a FULL HALF-MONTH or FULL MONTH commission paid by the Landlord to its
representing salesperson’s estate agency. Such compensation cannot be deducted from deposit and must be
paid immediately during notice of early termination of tenancy. Early termination by Tenant due to:
(i) Premature termination of tenancy by Tenant
(ii) Breach of any clause/condition contained herein by the Tenant resulting in the
premature termination of the tenancy by the Landlord.

17) In the event that the Tenant requires lease extension, the Tenant must inform the Landlord at least 2.5 months
in advance (subject to the approval of the Landlord). The Landlord has no obligation to provide extension but
may do so at his/her discretion on a case-by-case basis. The rental rate shall be calculated on a per day basis
but at the prevailing market rate which may or may not differ from the previously agreed rental amount.

18) To indemnify and keep the Landlord indemnified (against any fines, summons, convictions etc.) to the fullest
extent as allowed by the laws of the Republic of Singapore, for any violation or non-conformance by the Tenant
and/or permitted occupants, of the Immigration Act and/or the Employment of Foreign Manpower Act.

19) Notwithstanding anything herein contained, if at any time during the Term of this Tenancy Agreement, any
prohibited immigrant is found on the Premises, this Tenancy Agreement shall be immediately terminated and
the security deposit fully forfeited by the Tenant and will be paid to/confiscated by the Landlord without
prejudice to any right of action of the Landlord in respect of any breach or any antecedent breach of this
Tenancy Agreement by the Tenant

20) To comply and conform at all times and in all respects during the continuance of this Tenancy Agreement with
the provisions of all laws, acts, enactments and ordinances and rules, regulations, by-laws, orders and notices
made thereunder or made by any other competent authority or the Management Corporation. The Tenant shall
bear all summons or fines whether directly or indirectly caused by the Tenant.

21) The Tenant shall be responsible for all minor repairs and routine maintenance of expendable items in the rented
premises (room) and common area if found due to the negligence or intentional damage caused by any
individual tenant.

22) The landlord shall be responsible for all minor/major repairs and routine maintenance of all fixtures unless such
repairs or maintenance are necessitated by the negligence or intentional damage caused by any individual
tenant.

23) In the event that repairs, or maintenance are required due to the actions of a specific tenant, that tenant shall
bear the full associated costs. However, if the cause of the repairs or maintenance cannot be attributed to a
specific tenant, the costs shall be shared equally among all co-living tenants.

24) Tenants must promptly report any such repairs to management company customer service or agent and utilize
their recommended contractors for assistance.

25) In non-emergency situations, the landlord reserves the right to schedule the repairs to be conducted on a
consolidated maintenance day of the month. If immediate attention is required by the tenant, an activation fee of 
S$120 per trip will be charged for the deployment of staff. This fee excludes all costs associated with materials
and service fees from specialist contractors.

26) All repairs and routine maintenance due to normal wear and tear, as determined by the landlord, shall be the
responsibility of the landlord and will not be subject to reimbursement from the tenant.

27) The Landlord shall maintain and service all the air-conditioners once every three (3) months in the said premises
by taking up a service contract with a competent and qualified air-conditioner contractor during the lease term.

28) The Landlord shall bear the expenses for the replacement of parts and necessary repairs arising from fair wear
and tear and are not caused by any default and/or negligence of the Tenant.

29) During scheduled air conditioning servicing, if the tenant's room is locked, the landlord reserves the right to
enter using spare keys. If the tenant causes a delay or postponement in servicing, they will be held liable for the
costs associated with the subsequent servicing schedule.

30) Air conditioning units must be turned off if tenants are away for more than 2 hours, and failure to comply will
result in a S$50 fine. Air conditioning units must not be left switch on for more than 12 consecutive hours to
prevent condensation on neighbouring walls, ceilings, and flooring. Violation of this rule will incur a S$50 fine.

31) Tenants are required to maintain air conditioning temperatures within the range of 22 to 26 degrees Celsius at
all times.

32) In the event If any electrical appliances used by the Tenant result in a power trip or short circuit affecting any
portion or the entirety of the premises, the Tenant is obligated to cover the costs associated with emergency
staff visits, billed at S$120 per trip. This excludes expenses incurred for the engagement of professional
technicians required to diagnose, repair, and reinstate the electrical power to either partial or entire units.

33) Electrical Appliance Safety Requirement: All personal electrical appliances used within the premises, whether in
personal spaces or common areas, must bear the Singapore Safety Mark registration. In the event of damage or
fire caused by non-Singapore Safety Mark registered devices, the tenant is liable to compensate for all
associated costs, including income losses incurred due to the mishap. It is important to note that fire insurance
may not cover claims arising from non-registered devices.

34) Tenants are required to consistently utilize mattress protectors to preserve the cleanliness of the mattress,
preventing stains and spillage. In the event of stains exceeding 1cm, the tenant is responsible for engaging
professional cleaning services to eliminate the stains. If removal is not possible, the tenant shall compensate for
the replacement of the mattress with a model and type identical or similar to the original. Please note that
mattress protectors are considered personal items and, for hygienic purposes, will not be provided by the
landlord. However, if tenants require assistance in obtaining a mattress protector, the landlord can supply one at
a fixed cost.

35) If the condition of common areas falls below the minimum standards of cleanliness and hygiene, rendering the
landlord incapable of presenting a clean, tidy, and liveable community area to potential new tenants, the
landlord reserves the right to engage professional cleaning and disposal services. The associated costs will be
shared equally among the tenants.

36) Tenants are prohibited from replacing original furniture without prior approval from the landlord.

37) For tenancies exceeding 12 months, the Tenant agrees to arrange for the dry cleaning of curtains annually.
Alternatively, the Landlord may assist in arranging the dry cleaning on behalf of the Tenant, and the associated
costs shall be deducted from the security deposit.

38) In the event the Tenant needs a replacement access card, the Tenant will seek from the management company
or condominium’s management office for a replacement card at their own cost. The Tenant is required to
inform the Landlord or salesperson of the change in access card number within 3 calendar days of the
replacement.

39) In the event that a tenant loses their room keys or self-locks within the room, necessitating the engagement of
a locksmith or contractor to open the door, the tenant shall be liable to compensate for the cost of activating
any emergency staff at a rate of S$120 per trip. Additionally, the tenant is responsible for covering the expenses
associated with engaging a locksmith or contractor to open the door. Should the situation warrant, the tenant
shall bear the costs incurred for replacing the lock sets and duplicating keys as required by the landlord.

40) The Landlord/salesperson representative shall be allowed to conduct viewings of the room 2 months prior to
the end of lease by giving the Tenant 24 hours’ notice. The Tenant shall be obliged to allow the viewings of the
room to take place upon being informed. The Landlord/salesperson representative shall be allowed to open the
room door to conduct viewing if tenant fails to respond to our notice after 72hrs. During such period, it is
tenant's responsibility to inform the landlord if they will be overseas or away.

41)Treat your housemates with respect, including their belongings and privacy, as you would like to be treated.

42) Support Hotline and Messenger: Tenants are encouraged to utilize our dedicated support hotline and
messenger services (via WhatsApp or email) for any requests or information sharing. In the event of an
emergency, tenants may try an alternative emergency support hotline; however, the landlord cannot guarantee
immediate assistance and activation. For both emergency and non-emergency situations that necessitate the
dispatch of support staff, an activation fee of S$120 per trip will be charged.

43) Respectful Conduct Towards Personnel: All tenants are required to maintain mutual respect and understanding
towards all staff and sub-contractors engaged by the landlord. Any verbal or physical abuse directed at any
personnel will be treated with utmost seriousness. The landlord reserves the right to exercise the termination
clause, resulting in the early termination of the contract, in response to such misconduct.

44) END OF TENANCY CHECKLIST: The Tenant understands at the end of the Term to return the Premises to a
condition comparable with that at the commencement of the Term (fair wear and tear excepted). The Landlord
may claim as damages costs and expenses incurred or likely to be incurred that result from a breach of Tenant’s
obligations in this Agreement. The Landlord shall be entitled to deduct such cost and expense from the Security
Deposit as necessary. The Landlord/his representative may conduct an inspection of the Premises at the end of
the Term before taking back possession of the Premises.

45) In the event of Enbloc Redevelopment / Sales of Premises, the Landlord should be at liberty by giving two
months notice in writing to determine the tenancy hereby created and shall refund the deposit to the Tenant(s)
without interest. Neither party shall have any claims against the other.

46) End Tenancy Fee: Upon termination of the tenancy, an End Tenancy Fee of One Hundred Eighty Dollars (SGD
180) shall be deducted from the Tenant’s security deposit. This fee is specifically for administrative costs and any
non-cleaning related procedures associated with the end of the tenancy. This End Tenancy Fee cannot be used
to offset any cleaning charges or other costs related to the condition of the Premises upon handover.

47) Handover Requirements: The Tenant is required to return the Premises in a condition that meets a reasonable
standard for re-letting, as follows:
a) General cleaning of all areas, including but not limited to floors, under-bed debris, and cabinet interiors.
b) Cleaning of bedsheets and mattress sets, ensuring that all linens are in a hygienic and presentable
condition.
c) Degreasing of the kitchenette, including all surfaces, appliances, and the removal of any accumulated
grime.
d) The Tenant is responsible for ensuring that all window curtains and blinds, including but not limited to
curtain railings and blind mechanisms, are maintained in a clean and functional condition throughout the
tenancy. Curtains and blinds must be dry-cleaned as necessary to maintain hygiene and appearance. In the
event that the curtains, blinds, curtain railings, or blind mechanisms are found to be non-functional or only
partially functional upon inspection, the Landlord reserves the right to replace or repair them. The full cost
of such replacement or repair, including any associated labour, shall be borne by the Tenant.
e) Cleaning of internal windows and window grills to ensure they are free of dust and dirt.
f) Toilet stain removal, ensuring that all bathroom surfaces, including sinks, toilets, and shower areas, are
cleaned and free of stains or residue.
g) Disposal of personal items and furniture, ensuring that no belongings or unwanted furniture remain in the
Premises. The Landlord shall have the right to remove and/or dispose of any belongings or other goods
left behind by the Tenant and/or occupiers, at the cost and expense of the Tenant. The Landlord shall be
entitled to deduct such removal cost and expense from the Security Deposit as necessary.
h) Tenants are required to ensure that the walls are free from any adhesive materials or markings of any kind.
In the event of any holes or damages to the wall, tenants are obligated to rectify and restore the wall to its
original condition. Failure to do so will result in the landlord engaging a professional painter to repaint the
walls back to their original condition. The associated costs for this restoration will be deducted from the
tenant's security deposit.
i) Failure to meet these requirements to a reasonable standard, suitable for handover to another tenant, will
result in additional cleaning charges. These charges, ranging from One Hundred Eighty Dollars (SGD 180)
to Six Hundred Dollars (SGD 600), will be billed separately and are payable directly by the Tenant to a
third-party cleaning contractor. The Landlord shall be entitled to deduct such cost and expense from the
Security Deposit as necessary.

48) The landlord reserves the right to modify, add, or remove any clauses in this agreement with written notice to
the tenant. Such modifications shall be considered binding upon both parties and shall be communicated in
writing at least 15 days prior to the effective date of the changes.



